README.md, before:

# 🛠️ Laravel Template
<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![GitHub Last Commit][last-commit-shield]][commits]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]

[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

## About

This is a template repository for Laravel projects, including the following features:

- PHP 8.3
- Laravel 11.x
- [Laravel Sail][sail] (docker)
- [Filament PHP][filament] (admin dashboard)
- [Devcontainer][devcontainer] for Visual Studio Code
- [GIthub Actions](.github/workflows) for CI/CD
    - [Pest](.github/workflows/tests.yaml)
    - [Pint](.github/workflows/linting.yaml)
    - [Larastan](.github/workflows/typing.yaml)

## Getting Started

TODO

### Create admin user

To create an admin user for the Filament dashboard, run the following command:

```bash
php artisan make:filament-user
```

### Roles and permissions

By default there are 3 types of roles:

- Admin
- Moderator
- User

## License

Distributed under the **MIT** License. See [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) for more information.

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[sail]: https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sail
[devcontainer]: https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sail#using-devcontainers
[filament]: https://filamentphp.com

[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2024.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/commits/master
[last-commit-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge

Commit message:

Migrate to Filament Shield plugin (#23)
* Add laravel shield package

* Remove the old Role resources

* Change the policies, models and resources

* Update the migrations and seeders for new permission names

* Update the tests

* Update the documentation feature list

* Add code coverage ignore for canAccessPanel method in User model

* Run Laravel Pint

README.md, after:

# 🛠️ Laravel Template
<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
![Project Maintenance][maintenance-shield]
[![License][license-shield]](LICENSE)

[![GitHub Activity][commits-shield]][commits]
[![GitHub Last Commit][last-commit-shield]][commits]
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]

[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]

## About

This is a Laravel template repository for new projects, based on the TALL stack and includes a lot of features to get started quickly:

- PHP 8.3
- Laravel 11.x
- [Laravel Sail][sail] (docker)
- [Laravel Backup][backup] (from spatie)
- [Filament PHP][filament] (admin dashboard)
- [Filament Shield][shield] (roles and permissions)
- [Devcontainer][devcontainer] for Visual Studio Code
- [GIthub Actions](.github/workflows) for CI/CD on Github
    - [Pest](.github/workflows/tests.yaml)
    - [Pint](.github/workflows/linting.yaml)
    - [Larastan](.github/workflows/typing.yaml)

## Getting Started

TODO

### Create admin user

To create an admin user for the Filament dashboard, run the following command:

```bash
php artisan make:filament-user
```

### Roles and permissions

By default there are 3 types of roles:

- Admin
- Moderator
- User

## License

Distributed under the **MIT** License. See [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) for more information.

<!-- MARKDOWN LINKS & IMAGES -->
[backup]: https://spatie.be/docs/laravel-backup/v8/introduction
[devcontainer]: https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sail#using-devcontainers
[filament]: https://filamentphp.com
[sail]: https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/sail
[shield]: https://github.com/bezhanSalleh/filament-shield

[maintenance-shield]: https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2024.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
[commits]: https://github.com/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template/commits/master
[last-commit-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/klaasnicolaas/laravel-template.svg?style=for-the-badge
